RDS Encryption, Tags and api url (#30)
aws-quickstart/quickstart-discngine-3decision: docs/deployment_guide/partner_editable/pre_deployment.adoc

=== VPC Tagging

If you are deploying 3decision in an existing VPC, ensure that the private subnets have the correct tags. 

The tag *kubernetes.io/role/elb* needs to be added on each public subnet and the tag *kubernetes.io/role/internal-elb* on each private subnet.

The value of the tags should remain empty.

=== Encrypting the Database

The RDS Database created during the deployment is based on a snapshot.
In order to make this snapshot public, the snapshot is not encrypted.

> If however you would like for your database to be encrypted you will have to copy this snapshot into your AWS subscription first.

Reviewer: Minor wording change:
```suggestion
If you would like your database to be encrypted you will have to copy this snapshot into your AWS account first.
```

This can be done by going to the public tab in the RDS snapshot sections, and searching for **db3dec<version>** and grabbing the latest version.

You can then select it, choose copy in actions, and select the encrypt option.

> You will then be able to enter the arn of your copied snapshot in the cloudformation parameters. If field is left blank, the unencrypted latest snapshot will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will then be able to enter the ARN of your copied snapshot in the CloudFormation parameters. If field is left blank, the unencrypted latest snapshot will be used.
```
